Convert provisioning guide sections into modules (#206)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Provisioning_Guide/topics/Bare_Metal.adoc

. Click the *Operating System* tab, and verify that all fields contain values. Confirm each aspect of the operating system.
. Click *Resolve* in *Provisioning template* to check the new host can identify the right provisioning templates to use.
+
For more information about associating provisioning templates, see xref:provisioning-templates_provisioning[].
+
ifeval::["{build}" == "satellite"]

> . If you use the Katello plugin, click the *Parameters* tab, and ensure that a parameter exists that provides an activation key. If not, add an activation key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you use the Katello plug-in, click the *Parameters* tab, and ensure that a parameter exists that provides an activation key. If not, add an activation key.
```
